The capital of France is Paris.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain on Earth.
The Amazon River is in South America.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth.
The Sahara Desert is the largest hot desert in the world.
The Nile River is the longest river in Africa.
Antarctica is the coldest continent on Earth.
Australia is both a country and a continent.
The Grand Canyon is located in Arizona.
The Great Barrier Reef is off the coast of Australia.
The Mississippi River flows through the United States.
The Rocky Mountains stretch across North America.
The Alps are a major mountain range in Europe.
The Andes are the longest mountain range in the world.
The Great Lakes are located between the US and Canada.
Niagara Falls is on the border of the US and Canada.
The Himalayas contain the world's highest peaks.
Mount Kilimanjaro is the highest mountain in Africa.
The Dead Sea is the lowest point on Earth's surface.
The Arctic Ocean surrounds the North Pole.
The equator divides Earth into Northern and Southern hemispheres.
The prime meridian passes through Greenwich, England.
Latitude lines run parallel to the equator.
Longitude lines run from pole to pole.
The Tropic of Cancer is located north of the equator.
The Tropic of Capricorn is located south of the equator.
The Arctic Circle marks the edge of the polar region.
The Antarctic Circle surrounds Antarctica.
Africa has fifty four countries.
Asia is the largest continent by land area and population.
Europe and Asia together form Eurasia.
North America includes the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
South America has twelve independent countries.
The Caribbean Sea contains many island nations.
The Mediterranean Sea separates Europe and Africa.
The Atlantic Ocean connects the Americas to Europe and Africa.
The Indian Ocean is the third largest ocean.
The Southern Ocean surrounds Antarctica.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Beijing is the capital of China.
New Delhi is the capital of India.
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
Rome is the capital of Italy.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
Cairo is the capital of Egypt.
Nairobi is the capital of Kenya.
Brasilia is the capital of Brazil.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States.
Mexico City is the capital of Mexico.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia but Canberra is the capital.
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand.
The Amazon rainforest produces twenty percent of Earth's oxygen.
The Congo rainforest is the second largest rainforest.
The Gobi Desert is located in Asia.
The Atacama Desert is one of the driest places on Earth.
The Mojave Desert is in the southwestern United States.
Iceland is known for its volcanoes and geysers.
Hawaii is a volcanic island chain in the Pacific.
Greenland is the world's largest island.
Madagascar is an island nation off the coast of Africa.
The Philippines consists of over seven thousand islands.
Indonesia is the largest archipelago in the world.
Japan is an island nation in East Asia.
The United Kingdom includes England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Ireland is an island divided between two countries.
The Netherlands is famous for its windmills and tulips.
Switzerland is known for its Alps and neutrality.
The Vatican City is the smallest country in the world.
Monaco is one of the smallest countries in Europe.
Luxembourg is a small European country.
Singapore is a city state in Southeast Asia.
Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China.
The Panama Canal connects the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
The Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea.
The Strait of Gibraltar separates Europe from Africa.
The Bering Strait separates Asia from North America.
The English Channel separates England from France.
Lake Superior is the largest of the Great Lakes.
Lake Victoria is the largest lake in Africa.
The Caspian Sea is the world's largest lake.
Lake Baikal is the deepest lake in the world.
Yellowstone is the first national park in the United States.
Yosemite is famous for its granite cliffs and waterfalls.
The Serengeti is famous for its wildlife migrations.
The Galapagos Islands inspired Darwin's theory of evolution.
The Great Wall of China stretches over thirteen thousand miles.
Machu Picchu is an ancient Incan city in Peru.
The Taj Mahal is located in India.
The Eiffel Tower is a famous landmark in Paris.
The Statue of Liberty stands in New York Harbor.
Big Ben is a famous clock tower in London.
The Colosseum is an ancient amphitheater in Rome.
Stonehenge is a prehistoric monument in England.
The Pyramids of Giza are located near Cairo.
Petra is an ancient city carved into rock in Jordan.
Earthquakes occur along tectonic plate boundaries.
Volcanoes form where magma reaches Earth's surface.
Tsunamis are large ocean waves caused by underwater disturbances.
