The Declaration of Independence was signed in seventeen seventy six.
The Roman Empire fell in four hundred seventy six AD.
World War II ended in nineteen forty five.
Christopher Columbus reached the Americas in fourteen ninety two.
The American Civil War lasted from eighteen sixty one to eighteen sixty five.
The Renaissance began in Italy during the fourteenth century.
The French Revolution started in seventeen eighty nine.
The Industrial Revolution transformed manufacturing in the eighteenth century.
The Berlin Wall fell in nineteen eighty nine.
The first human spaceflight occurred in nineteen sixty one.
The moon landing happened on July twentieth nineteen sixty nine.
The pyramids of Egypt were built over four thousand years ago.
Ancient Rome was founded in seven hundred fifty three BC.
The Great Wall of China was built over many centuries.
The Magna Carta was signed in twelve fifteen.
The printing press was invented by Johannes Gutenberg around fourteen forty.
The Boston Tea Party occurred in seventeen seventy three.
George Washington became the first US president in seventeen eighty nine.
Abraham Lincoln was president during the Civil War.
The Constitution was ratified in seventeen eighty eight.
The Bill of Rights was added to the Constitution in seventeen ninety one.
Lewis and Clark explored the western United States from eighteen oh four to eighteen oh six.
The Louisiana Purchase doubled the size of the United States.
The Wright brothers achieved the first powered flight in nineteen oh three.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb in eighteen seventy nine.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in eighteen seventy six.
The telegraph revolutionized long distance communication.
The Spanish Armada was defeated in fifteen eighty eight.
Joan of Arc led French forces during the Hundred Years War.
The Black Death killed millions in Europe during the fourteenth century.
The Vikings explored North America around one thousand AD.
The Silk Road connected Asia and Europe for trade.
The Crusades were religious wars fought from ten ninety five to twelve ninety one.
Marco Polo traveled to China in the thirteenth century.
The Ottoman Empire lasted from thirteen ninety nine to nineteen twenty two.
Napoleon Bonaparte ruled France from seventeen ninety nine to eighteen fifteen.
The Battle of Waterloo ended Napoleon's rule in eighteen fifteen.
The War of eighteen twelve was fought between the US and Britain.
The Mexican American War occurred from eighteen forty six to eighteen forty eight.
The California Gold Rush began in eighteen forty nine.
The transcontinental railroad was completed in eighteen sixty nine.
The Statue of Liberty was dedicated in eighteen eighty six.
Ellis Island processed immigrants from eighteen ninety two to nineteen fifty four.
The Titanic sank on April fifteenth nineteen twelve.
World War I lasted from nineteen fourteen to nineteen eighteen.
The League of Nations was formed after World War I.
The Great Depression began in nineteen twenty nine.
Franklin D Roosevelt was elected president in nineteen thirty two.
Pearl Harbor was attacked on December seventh nineteen forty one.
D Day invasion occurred on June sixth nineteen forty four.
The atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima in August nineteen forty five.
The United Nations was established in nineteen forty five.
The Cold War lasted from nineteen forty seven to nineteen ninety one.
The Korean War took place from nineteen fifty to nineteen fifty three.
The Vietnam War lasted from nineteen fifty five to nineteen seventy five.
The Cuban Missile Crisis occurred in October nineteen sixty two.
Martin Luther King Jr delivered his I Have a Dream speech in nineteen sixty three.
The Civil Rights Act was passed in nineteen sixty four.
President Kennedy was assassinated in nineteen sixty three.
The Watergate scandal led to Nixon's resignation in nineteen seventy four.
The Space Shuttle program ran from nineteen eighty one to twenty eleven.
The internet became publicly available in the nineteen nineties.
The Soviet Union dissolved in nineteen ninety one.
The European Union was established in nineteen ninety three.
Nelson Mandela became South Africa's president in nineteen ninety four.
The September eleventh attacks occurred in two thousand one.
Ancient Greece developed democracy over two thousand years ago.
Alexander the Great conquered much of the known world by three hundred twenty three BC.
Julius Caesar was assassinated in forty four BC.
Cleopatra was the last pharaoh of Egypt.
The library of Alexandria was a center of ancient learning.
Confucius taught philosophy in ancient China.
The Buddha founded Buddhism around five hundred BC.
Muhammad founded Islam in the seventh century AD.
The Protestant Reformation began in fifteen seventeen.
Galileo supported the heliocentric model of the solar system.
Isaac Newton published his laws of motion in sixteen eighty seven.
Charles Darwin proposed the theory of evolution in eighteen fifty nine.
Marie Curie discovered radioactivity and won two Nobel Prizes.
Albert Einstein developed the theory of relativity in nineteen oh five.
Mahatma Gandhi led India's independence movement.
Rosa Parks sparked the Montgomery Bus Boycott in nineteen fifty five.
The fall of the Soviet Union ended the Cold War.
The Magna Carta established the principle of rule of law.
The Emancipation Proclamation freed slaves in Confederate states in eighteen sixty three.
Women gained the right to vote in nineteen twenty.
The New Deal programs helped end the Great Depression.
The Marshall Plan aided European recovery after World War II.
The Tet Offensive was a turning point in the Vietnam War.
The Camp David Accords brought peace between Egypt and Israel.
The Chernobyl disaster occurred in nineteen eighty six.
The Good Friday Agreement brought peace to Northern Ireland.
The human genome was sequenced in two thousand three.
The Arab Spring began in two thousand ten.
Climate change became a major global concern in the twenty first century.
The first successful printing press revolutionized information sharing.
The steam engine powered the Industrial Revolution.
