Press Insert plus Down Arrow to say all from current position.
Press Insert plus Up Arrow to read current line.
Press Insert plus F12 to read time and date.
Press Insert plus T to read window title.
Press Insert plus Tab to read status bar.
Press Insert plus Page Up to read from top to cursor.
Press Insert plus Page Down to read to bottom from cursor.
Press Insert plus Home to read to end of line.
Press Insert plus 5 on NumPad to read current word.
Press Insert plus Semicolon to adjust verbosity.
Press Insert plus V to announce JAWS version.
Press Insert plus F1 to open JAWS help.
Press Insert plus J to open JAWS window list.
Press Insert plus F6 to list headings.
Press Insert plus F7 to list links.
Press Insert plus F5 to list form fields.
Press Insert plus F9 to list frames.
Press Insert plus Control plus F to find text.
Press Insert plus F3 to find next occurrence.
Press Insert plus Shift plus F3 to find previous.
Press Insert plus Spacebar to read next character.
Press Insert plus NumPad 5 to speak current character.
Press Insert plus Left Arrow to speak previous character.
Press Insert plus Right Arrow to speak next character.
Press Control to stop speech temporarily.
Press Insert plus F2 to pass next key to application.
Press Insert plus Z to toggle virtual cursor.
Press Insert plus NumPad Plus to increase speech rate.
Press Insert plus NumPad Minus to decrease speech rate.
Press Insert plus Control plus NumPad Plus to increase volume.
Press Insert plus Control plus NumPad Minus to decrease volume.
Press Insert plus Escape to refresh screen display.
Press Insert plus A to read active cursor coordinates.
Press Insert plus B to say bottom line of window.
Press Insert plus C to toggle cursor announcement.
Press Insert plus F to read font information.
Press Insert plus G to open JAWS graphics labeler.
Press Insert plus H to toggle JAWS help mode.
Press Insert plus K to toggle keys help.
Press Insert plus M to go to top of window.
Press Insert plus N to go to system tray.
Press Insert plus O to go to control panel.
Press Insert plus Q to go to system menu.
Press Insert plus R to read remainder of document.
Press Insert plus S to toggle speech on or off.
Press Insert plus W to read current word spelled.
Press Insert plus X to read context information.
Press Insert plus Y to go to link start.
Press H to move to next heading.
Press Shift plus H to move to previous heading.
Press 1 through 6 to move to heading level.
Press B to move to next button.
Press Shift plus B to move to previous button.
Press C to move to next combo box.
Press Shift plus C to move to previous combo box.
Press D to move to next landmark.
Press Shift plus D to move to previous landmark.
Press E to move to next edit field.
Press Shift plus E to move to previous edit field.
Press F to move to next form control.
Press Shift plus F to move to previous form control.
Press G to move to next graphic.
Press Shift plus G to move to previous graphic.
Press I to move to next list item.
Press Shift plus I to move to previous list item.
Press K to move to next link.
Press Shift plus K to move to previous link.
Press L to move to next list.
Press Shift plus L to move to previous list.
Press M to move to next frame.
Press Shift plus M to move to previous frame.
Press N to skip navigation links.
Press O to move to next article.
Press Shift plus O to move to previous article.
Press P to move to next paragraph.
Press Shift plus P to move to previous paragraph.
Press Q to move to next blockquote.
Press Shift plus Q to move to previous blockquote.
Press R to move to next radio button.
Press Shift plus R to move to previous radio button.
Press S to move to next separator.
Press Shift plus S to move to previous separator.
Press T to move to next table.
Press Shift plus T to move to previous table.
Press U to move to next unvisited link.
Press Shift plus U to move to previous unvisited link.
Press V to move to next visited link.
Press Shift plus V to move to previous visited link.
Press X to move to next checkbox.
Press Shift plus X to move to previous checkbox.
Press Z to move to next div section.
Press Shift plus Z to move to previous div section.
Press Insert plus Control plus Home to go to top of page.
Press Insert plus Control plus End to go to bottom of page.
Press Semicolon to move to next focusable item.
Press Shift plus Semicolon to move to previous focusable item.
Press Insert plus Shift plus Period to toggle mouse pointer echo.
