Press NVDA plus N to open NVDA menu.
Press NVDA plus Q to quit NVDA.
Press NVDA plus Control plus C to save configuration.
Press NVDA plus Control plus R to reload configuration.
Press NVDA plus F1 to open user guide.
Press NVDA plus T to read window title.
Press NVDA plus B to read status bar.
Press NVDA plus End to say all from cursor.
Press NVDA plus Down Arrow to read from current position.
Press NVDA plus Up Arrow to read current line.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus Up Arrow to read previous line.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus Down Arrow to read next line.
Press NVDA plus Left Arrow to read previous character.
Press NVDA plus Right Arrow to read next character.
Press NVDA plus Control plus Left Arrow to read previous word.
Press NVDA plus Control plus Right Arrow to read next word.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus Period to read current word.
Press NVDA plus F12 to announce time and date.
Press NVDA plus NumPad Delete to announce current location.
Press NVDA plus Tab to announce current focus.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus F to read formatting information.
Press NVDA plus V to repeat last spoken phrase.
Press NVDA plus S to toggle speech mode.
Press NVDA plus Z to toggle input help mode.
Press NVDA plus 1 to toggle input help.
Press NVDA plus F2 to pass next keystroke to application.
Press NVDA plus NumPad Plus to increase speech rate.
Press NVDA plus NumPad Minus to decrease speech rate.
Press NVDA plus Control plus Up Arrow to increase volume.
Press NVDA plus Control plus Down Arrow to decrease volume.
Press NVDA plus Control plus Left Arrow to move to previous synthesizer setting.
Press NVDA plus Control plus Right Arrow to move to next synthesizer setting.
Press NVDA plus Page Up to move to previous synth setting value.
Press NVDA plus Page Down to move to next synth setting value.
Press NVDA plus D to toggle document formatting reporting.
Press NVDA plus F to report text formatting.
Press NVDA plus G to report progress bar.
Press NVDA plus C to report clipboard text.
Press NVDA plus E to toggle element list.
Press NVDA plus F5 to refresh current braille display.
Press NVDA plus F7 to show links list.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus O to show outline.
Press NVDA plus F9 to set start marker for text selection.
Press NVDA plus F10 to select and copy to marked position.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus F9 to report position of text start marker.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus F10 to move to marked position.
Press NVDA plus R to toggle screen review mode.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 7 to move to top line in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 9 to move to bottom line in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 8 to move to previous line in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 2 to move to next line in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 4 to move to previous character in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 6 to move to next character in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 1 to move to previous word in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 3 to move to next word in review.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus NumPad 7 to move to first line in review.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus NumPad 9 to move to last line in review.
Press NVDA plus NumPad 5 to announce current review position.
Press NVDA plus NumPad Minus to move review cursor to system focus.
Press NVDA plus NumPad Plus to move system focus to review cursor.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus NumPad Minus to move to contained object.
Press NVDA plus Shift plus NumPad Plus to move to containing object.
Press H to jump to next heading.
Press Shift plus H to jump to previous heading.
Press 1 through 6 to jump to heading level.
Press L to jump to next list.
Press Shift plus L to jump to previous list.
Press I to jump to next list item.
Press Shift plus I to jump to previous list item.
Press T to jump to next table.
Press Shift plus T to jump to previous table.
Press K to jump to next link.
Press Shift plus K to jump to previous link.
Press U to jump to next unvisited link.
Press Shift plus U to jump to previous unvisited link.
Press V to jump to next visited link.
Press Shift plus V to jump to previous visited link.
Press E to jump to next edit field.
Press Shift plus E to jump to previous edit field.
Press F to jump to next form field.
Press Shift plus F to jump to previous form field.
Press B to jump to next button.
Press Shift plus B to jump to previous button.
Press X to jump to next checkbox.
Press Shift plus X to jump to previous checkbox.
Press C to jump to next combo box.
Press Shift plus C to jump to previous combo box.
Press R to jump to next radio button.
Press Shift plus R to jump to previous radio button.
Press Q to jump to next quote.
Press Shift plus Q to jump to previous quote.
Press S to jump to next separator.
Press Shift plus S to jump to previous separator.
Press M to jump to next frame.
Press Shift plus M to jump to previous frame.
Press G to jump to next graphic.
Press Shift plus G to jump to previous graphic.
Press D to jump to next landmark.
Press Shift plus D to jump to previous landmark.
Press O to jump to next embedded object.
Press Shift plus O to jump to previous embedded object.
Press A to jump to next annotation.
Press Shift plus A to jump to previous annotation.
Press W to jump to next spelling error.
Press Shift plus W to jump to previous spelling error.
